however the official reference implementation is the OpenJDK JVM which is free open source software and used by most developers and is the default JVM for almost all Linux distributions.however the official reference implementation is the OpenJDK JVM which is free open source software and used by most developers and is the default JVM for almost all Linux distributions.however the official reference implementation is the OpenJDK JVM which is free open source software and used by most developers and is the default JVM for almost all Linux distributions.however the official reference implementation is the OpenJDK JVM which is free open source software and used by most developers and is the default JVM for almost all Linux distributions.however the official reference implementation is the OpenJDK JVM which is free open source software and used by most developers and is the default JVM for almost all Linux distributions.however the official reference implementation is the OpenJDK JVM which is free open source software and used by most developers and is the default JVM for almost all Linux distributions.however the official reference implementation is the OpenJDK JVM which is free open source software and used by most developers and is the default JVM for almost all Linux distributions.however the official reference implementation is the OpenJDK JVM which is free open source software and used by most developers and is the default JVM for almost all Linux distributions.
The use of universal bytecode makes porting simple. However, the overhead of interpreting bytecode into machine instructions made interpreted programs almost always run more slowly than native executables. Just-in-time (JIT) compilers that compile byte-codes to machine code during runtime were introduced from an early stage. Java itself is platform-independent and is adapted to the particular platform it is to run on by a Java virtual machine (JVM) for it, which translates the Java bytecode into the platform's machine language.The use of universal bytecode makes porting simple. However, the overhead of interpreting bytecode into machine instructions made interpreted programs almost always run more slowly than native executables. Just-in-time (JIT) compilers that compile byte-codes to machine code during runtime were introduced from an early stage. Java itself is platform-independent and is adapted to the particular platform it is to run on by a Java virtual machine (JVM) for it, which translates the Java bytecode into the platform's machine language.The use of universal bytecode makes porting simple. However, the overhead of interpreting bytecode into machine instructions made interpreted programs almost always run more slowly than native executables. Just-in-time (JIT) compilers that compile byte-codes to machine code during runtime were introduced from an early stage. Java itself is platform-independent and is adapted to the particular platform it is to run on by a Java virtual machine (JVM) for it, which translates the Java bytecode into the platform's machine language.
One of the ideas behind Java's automatic memory management model is that programmers can be spared the burden of having to perform manual memory management. In some languages, memory for the creation of objects is implicitly allocated on the stack or explicitly allocated and deallocated from the heap. In the latter case, the responsibility of managing memory resides with the programmer. If the program does not deallocate an object, a memory leak occurs. If the program attempts to access or deallocate memory that has already been deallocated, the result is undefined and difficult to predict, and the program is likely to become unstable or crash. This can be partially remedied by the use of smart pointers, but these add overhead and complexity. Note that garbage collection does not prevent logical memory leaks, i.e. those where the memory is still referenced but never used.
